Add `osu!catch World Cup 2024: Round of 32 Recap` news post (#11488)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2024/2024-05-29-osu-catch-world-cup-2024-round-of-32-recap.md

---
layout: post
title: "osu!catch World Cup 2024: Round of 32 Recap"
date: 2024-05-29 12:00:00 +0000
---

Welcome to the Round of 32 recap of the osu!catch 2024 World Cup! 

![](/wiki/Tournaments/CWC/2024/img/cwc2024-banner.jpg)

As the qualifiers concluded, the top 32 teams that would battle it out for the title of osu!catch world cup winner were announced. Top of the pack is the big favorite to win it all this year, the United States, qualifying 1st for the second year in a row with 7 top scores out of 9 maps. Joining them on the qualification podium this year are Poland and Finland, both teams getting their best qualification result to date.

Going further down the list, we see Estonia qualifying 32nd just right above the cut off for the first time in ten years. Iceland, the sole debutant of this year, defied all expectations and ended up 30th on the qualification list and are making their world cup debut in the round of 32.

Let's get into the results and the highlights of last week's matches.

## Round of 32 results

In case you missed any of the matches, or are just curious about general results, you can view all of it here.

> |                                 Team A |       |       | Team B                      |

Reviewer: tables shouldn't be "beautified" https://osu.ppy.sh/wiki/en/Article_styling_criteria/Formatting#tables

|     **United Kingdom** ::{ flag=GB }:: | **5** |   0   | ::{ flag=MX }:: Mexico      |
|            **Belgium** ::{ flag=BE }:: | **5** |   2   | ::{ flag=PH }:: Philippines |
|             **Taiwan** ::{ flag=TW }:: | **5** |   2   | ::{ flag=DE }:: Germany     |
|              **Japan** ::{ flag=JP }:: | **5** |   0   | ::{ flag=TH }:: Thailand    |
|             **Poland** ::{ flag=PL }:: | **5** |   0   | ::{ flag=MY }:: Malaysia    |
|            **Finland** ::{ flag=FI }:: | **5** |   0   | ::{ flag=IS }:: Iceland     |
|          **Argentina** ::{ flag=AR }:: | **5** |   2   | ::{ flag=DK }:: Denmark     |
|      **United States** ::{ flag=US }:: | **5** |   0   | ::{ flag=ES }:: Estonia     |
|               **Peru** ::{ flag=PE }:: | **5** |   0   | ::{ flag=ES }:: Spain       |

## Match highlights

### ::{ flag=SE }:: Sweden vs. ::{ flag=AU }:: Australia

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://player.twitch.tv/?video=2154793570&parent=osu.ppy.sh&autoplay=false" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no"></iframe>
</div>

> Starting off the weekend early on Saturday, Sweden faced off against Australia. Sweden, seeded 14th, has joined the tournaments with high hopes as their roster this year managed to acquire their best qualification result since the format was introduced in 2022. However, their adversary Australia has managed to end up in the top 16 of the three past world cups and therefore isn’t to be underestimated.

Reviewer: when copying from a google doc, you get these curly apostrophes `’`, but they should be straight single quotes `'`

---
layout: post
title: "osu!catch World Cup 2024: Round of 32 Recap"
date: 2024-05-29 12:00:00 +0000
---

> Welcome to the Round of 32 recap of the osu!catch 2024 World Cup! 

Reviewer 2: this feels really bland, could be more inspired

> The osu!catch World Cup 2024 is taking off, and the Round of 32 did not disappoint! Players from around the world brought their A-game, delivering incredible performances and close showdowns that kept viewers at the edge of their seats. Welcome to the recap of the Round of 32!

Reviewer: dropping the first sentence works well, if not just for brevity

```suggestion
Players from around the world brought their A-game, delivering incredible performances and close showdowns that kept viewers at the edge of their seats. Welcome to the recap of the Round of 32!
```

![](/wiki/Tournaments/CWC/2024/img/cwc2024-banner.jpg)

> As the qualifiers concluded, the top 32 teams that would battle it out for the title of osu!catch world cup winner were announced. Top of the pack is the big favorite to win it all this year, the United States, qualifying 1st for the second year in a row with 7 top scores out of 9 maps. Joining them on the qualification podium this year are Poland and Finland, both teams getting their best qualification result to date.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As the qualifiers concluded, the top 32 teams that will battle it out for the title of osu!catch World Cup winner were announced. At the top of the pack are the big favourites to win it all this year, the United States. Qualifying 1st for the second year in a row with 7 top scores out of 9 maps. Joining them on the qualification podium this year are Poland and Finland, both teams getting their best qualification result to date.
```

> Going further down the list, we see Estonia qualifying 32nd just right above the cut off for the first time in ten years. Iceland, the sole debutant of this year, defied all expectations and ended up 30th on the qualification list and are making their world cup debut in the round of 32.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Going further down the list, we see Estonia qualifying 32nd, just right above the cut-off for the first time in ten years. Iceland, the sole debutant of this year, defied all expectations and ended up 30th on the qualification list and are making their World Cup debut in the round of 32.
```

Let's get into the mappool, the results and the highlights of last week's matches.

## Mappool showcase

> [**Download the pool here! (99 MB)**](https://packs.ppy.sh/P247%20-%20osu!catch%20World%20Cup%202024%3A%20Round%20of%2032.zip)

Reviewer 2: this usually leads to the pack page, not the download link
```suggestion
[**Download the pool here! (99 MB)**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/P247)
```

> 

Reviewer: these usually include the showcase

```suggestion

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://player.twitch.tv/?video=2156057435&parent=osu.ppy.sh&autoplay=false" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no"></iframe>
</div>

```

The Round of 32 mappool is a clear step down in difficulty compared to the difficulty of the qualifier mappool. This makes it more comfortable to play for all teams and provides more exciting points between teams that are closely matched.

> The most picked map in the pool this weekend is Ironical Parade, the [HR1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2183882#fruits/4615165) mapped by wwwww and Yoshi_green. The fairly conventional mapping with a focus on various stream patterns provided for a pleasant experience for both players and viewers. Our fruit catchers aren't very fond of the no-mod bracket as both [NM1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2184377#fruits/4617105) and [NM4](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2184055#osu/4615558) only saw 3 appearances over all matches.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The most picked map in the pool this weekend is Ironical Parade, the [HR1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2183882#fruits/4615165) mapped by [wwwww](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8434466) and [Yoshi_green](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1035891). The fairly conventional mapping with a focus on various stream patterns provided for a pleasant experience for both players and viewers. Our fruit catchers aren't very fond of the no-mod bracket as both [NM1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2184377#fruits/4617105) and [NM4](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2184055#osu/4615558) only saw 3 appearances over all matches.
```

> The most picked map in the pool this weekend is Ironical Parade, the [HR1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2183882#fruits/4615165) mapped by [wwwww](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8434466) and [Yoshi_green](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1035891). The fairly conventional mapping with a focus on various stream patterns provided for a pleasant experience for both players and viewers. Our fruit catchers aren't very fond of the no-mod bracket as both [NM1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2184377#fruits/4617105) and [NM4](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2184055#osu/4615558) only saw 3 appearances over all matches.

Reviewer: makes more sense imo

```suggestion
The most picked map in the pool this weekend is [Ironical Parade](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2183882#fruits/4615165), the HR1 mapped by [wwwww](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8434466) and [Yoshi_green](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1035891). The fairly conventional mapping with a focus on various stream patterns provided for a pleasant experience for both players and viewers. Our fruit catchers aren't very fond of the no-mod bracket as both [NM1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2184377#fruits/4617105) and [NM4](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2184055#osu/4615558) only saw 3 appearances over all matches.
```

| **China** ::{ flag=CN }:: | **5** | 3 | ::{ flag=NL }:: Netherlands |
| **France** ::{ flag=FR }:: | **5** | 0 | ::{ flag=TR }:: Turkey |
| **Canada** ::{ flag=CA }:: | **5** | 1 | ::{ flag=LV }:: Latvia |
| **United Kingdom** ::{ flag=GB }:: | **5** | 0 | ::{ flag=MX }:: Mexico |
| **Belgium** ::{ flag=BE }:: | **5** | 2 | ::{ flag=PH }:: Philippines |
| **Taiwan** ::{ flag=TW }:: | **5** | 2 | ::{ flag=DE }:: Germany |
| **Japan** ::{ flag=JP }:: | **5** | 0 | ::{ flag=TH }:: Thailand |
| **Poland** ::{ flag=PL }:: | **5** | 0 | ::{ flag=MY }:: Malaysia |
| **Finland** ::{ flag=FI }:: | **5** | 0 | ::{ flag=IS }:: Iceland |
| **Argentina** ::{ flag=AR }:: | **5** | 2 | ::{ flag=DK }:: Denmark |
| **United States** ::{ flag=US }:: | **5** | 0 | ::{ flag=EE }:: Estonia |
| **Peru** ::{ flag=PE }:: | **5** | 0 | ::{ flag=ES }:: Spain |

## Match highlights

### ::{ flag=SE }:: Sweden vs. ::{ flag=AU }:: Australia

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://player.twitch.tv/?video=2154793570&parent=osu.ppy.sh&autoplay=false" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no"></iframe>
</div>

> Starting off the weekend early on Saturday, Sweden faced off against Australia. Sweden, seeded 14th, has joined the tournaments with high hopes as their roster this year managed to acquire their best qualification result since the format was introduced in 2022. However, their adversary Australia has managed to end up in the top 16 of the three past world cups and therefore isn't to be underestimated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Starting off the weekend early on Saturday, Sweden faced off against Australia. Sweden, seeded 14th, has joined the tournaments with high hopes as their roster this year managed to acquire their best qualification result since the format was introduced in 2022. However, their adversary Australia has managed to end up in the top 16 of the three past World Cups and therefore isn't to be underestimated.
```

Reviewer: can be lowercase when it's in the general sense

> Australia managed to convert their own pick on [NM3](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2184033#fruits/4615512) into a point and were also able to grab a first breakpoint against Sweden on their [HD1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2184059#fruits/4615567) pick, V-Pop. To make matters worse, Australia were able to also win the next two maps [HR1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2183882#fruits/4615165) and [DT1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2184044#fruits/4615540) to already put themselves on match point. Sweden, the higher seed in this encounter, were with their backs against the wall but were able to grab a breakpoint of their own on Australia’s [DT2](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2184049#fruits/4615549) pick. However, they were not able to stop Australia on their second match point as they won [DT3](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2184054#fruits/4615557) with a double FC from [Beerus](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5529199) and [TheTixTop](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/19236870), ending the match in 5-1 in favor of Australia.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Australia managed to convert their own pick on [NM3](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2184033#fruits/4615512) into a point and were also able to grab a first breakpoint against Sweden on their [HD1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2184059#fruits/4615567) pick, V-Pop. To make matters worse for Sweden, Australia were able to also win the next two maps ([HR1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2183882#fruits/4615165) and [DT1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2184044#fruits/4615540)) to already put themselves on match point. Sweden, the higher seed in this encounter, were with their backs against the wall, but were able to grab a breakpoint of their own on Australia's [DT2](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2184049#fruits/4615549) pick. Unfortunately they were not able to stop Australia on their second match point as they won [DT3](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2184054#fruits/4615557) with a double FC from ::{ flag=AU }:: [Beerus](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5529199) and ::{ flag=AU }:: [TheTixTop](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/19236870), ending the match in 5–1 in favor of Australia.
```

> Sweden will drop down to the loser bracket where they will face Iceland in the round of 16, whilst Australia continue their run in the winner bracket and are preparing themselves for a matchup against Finland.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sweden will drop to the loser bracket where they will face Iceland in the round of 16, whilst Australia continue their run in the winner bracket and are preparing themselves for a matchup against Finland.
```

### ::{ flag=CN }:: China vs. ::{ flag=NL }:: the Netherlands

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://player.twitch.tv/?video=2154892337&parent=osu.ppy.sh&autoplay=false" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no"></iframe>
</div>

> Another matchup on Saturday saw three time world champion China, albeit with a newly revamped roster, take on the Netherlands. The Netherlands have made a name for themselves as giant killers after their amazing comeback and match victory against top seed Indonesia in the 2023 World Cup and many expected them to achieve a similar feat this year against team China.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Another matchup on Saturday saw three time world champion China, albeit with a newly revamped roster, take on the Netherlands. The Netherlands have made a name for themselves as giant killers after their amazing comeback and match victory against top seed Indonesia in the 2023 World Cup, and many expected them to achieve a similar feat this year against team China.
```

> The Netherlands took an early 2-1 lead and were on the brink of winning the next two maps as well. However, on both [MM2](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2184097#fruits/4615639) and [NM3](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2184033#fruits/4615512), China were able to snatch victory from the jaws of defeat as they overtook the Netherlands twice in the ending sections of both maps. Not too demoralized by their two losses, the Netherlands tied things up at 3 a piece going into the last pick of each team. China were able to win on their [NM4](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2184055#osu/4615558) pick even when the Dutch star player [b-a-d-s123](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3656717) SS’ed the pick. Going into the final pick of the match, the Netherlands opted to go [DT1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2184044#fruits/4615540) and drafted a roster of [Dutchman](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10552580), [Sartan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4100941) and b-a-d-s123. They start off really well and build a substantial lead of 13.000 points going into the last 20 seconds of the map. They’ve lost MM2 in the ending sections of the map, they’ve lost NM3 when it was already in the bag, surely they won’t lose now, right?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Netherlands took an early 2–1 lead and were on the brink of winning the next two maps as well. However, on both [MM2](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2184097#fruits/4615639) and [NM3](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2184033#fruits/4615512), China were able to snatch victory from the jaws of defeat as they overtook the Netherlands twice in the ending sections of both maps. Not too demoralized by their two losses, the Netherlands tied things up at 3 a piece going into the last pick of each team. China were able to win on their [NM4](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2184055#osu/4615558) pick even when the Dutch star player ::{ flag=NL }:: [b-a-d-s123](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3656717) SS'ed the pick. Going into the final pick of the match, the Netherlands opted to go [DT1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2184044#fruits/4615540) and drafted a roster of ::{ flag=NL }:: [Dutchman](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10552580), ::{ flag=NL }:: [Sartan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4100941) and b-a-d-s123. They start off really well and build a substantial lead of 13,000 points going into the last 20 seconds of the map. They've lost MM2 in the ending sections of the map, they've lost NM3 when it was already in the bag, surely they won't lose now, right?
```

> In a absolutely dramatic turn of events, a single drop from the Dutch team overturns their lead in the final seconds of the map, giving China a 5th point on the board and securing them the victory. Heartbreak for the Dutchies.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In an absolutely dramatic turn of events, a single drop from the Dutch team overturns their lead in the final seconds of the map, giving China a 5th point on the board and securing them the victory. Heartbreak for the Dutchies.
```

### ::{ flag=AR }:: Argentina vs. ::{ flag=DK }:: Denmark

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://player.twitch.tv/?video=2155904903&parent=osu.ppy.sh&autoplay=false" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no"></iframe>
</div>

> To close out the weekend on Sunday, seed 7 Argentina took on seed 26 Denmark. Argentina, fielding the highest ranked player in the entire tournament [-Story-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8172283), were caught by surprise by team Denmark as Denmark was able to convert the first two maps into two points. Denmark found a surprising weakness in the Mixed Mod bracket on the Argentinian team and utilized it to perfection. However, before the third map started, the veteran for the Argentinian team [VelperK](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/348467) joined the lobby. VelperK’s first appearance in the osu!catch world cup dates back to 2013 and he used this experience to absolutely obliterate the entire lobby for the next 30 minutes. He started off with a full combo on [NM1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2184377#fruits/4617105), then proceeded to SS [HR1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2183882#fruits/4615165), before continuing on and full combo-ing the remaining three maps to close out the match 5-2.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To close out the weekend on Sunday, seed 7 Argentina took on seed 26 Denmark. Argentina, fielding ::{ flag=AR }:: [-Story-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8172283) as the highest ranked player in the entire tournament, were caught by surprise by team Denmark as they were able to convert the first two maps into two points. Denmark found a surprising weakness in the Mixed Mod bracket on the Argentinian team and utilized it to perfection. However, before the third map started, the veteran for the Argentinian team ::{ flag=AR }:: [VelperK](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/348467) joined the lobby. VelperK's first appearance in the osu!catch World Cup dates back to 2013, and he used this experience to absolutely obliterate the entire lobby for the next 30 minutes. He started off with a full combo on [NM1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2184377#fruits/4617105), then proceeded to SS [HR1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2183882#fruits/4615165), before continuing on and full combo-ing the remaining three maps to close out the match 5-2.
```

## Round statistics

> We end this recap with a couple of interesting statistics to share:

Reviewer 2: usually, unless necessary, "we" or "i" are not used as we are not trying to directly speak to the reader

```suggestion
To top this week's recap off, here are a couple of interesting statistics to share:
```

> To close out the weekend on Sunday, seed 7 Argentina took on seed 26 Denmark. Argentina, fielding ::{ flag=AR }:: [-Story-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8172283) as the highest ranked player in the entire tournament, were caught by surprise by team Denmark as they were able to convert the first two maps into two points. Denmark found a surprising weakness in the Mixed Mod bracket on the Argentinian team and utilized it to perfection. However, before the third map started, the veteran for the Argentinian team ::{ flag=AR }:: [VelperK](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/348467) joined the lobby. VelperK's first appearance in the osu!catch World Cup dates back to 2013, and he used this experience to absolutely obliterate the entire lobby for the next 30 minutes. He started off with a full combo on [NM1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2184377#fruits/4617105), then proceeded to SS [HR1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2183882#fruits/4615165), before continuing on and full combo-ing the remaining three maps to close out the match 5-2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To close out the weekend on Sunday, seed 7 Argentina took on seed 26 Denmark. Argentina, fielding ::{ flag=AR }:: [-Story-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8172283) as the highest ranked player in the entire tournament, were caught by surprise by team Denmark as they were able to convert the first two maps into two points. Denmark found a surprising weakness in the Mixed Mod bracket on the Argentinian team and utilised it to perfection. However, before the third map started, the veteran for the Argentinian team ::{ flag=AR }:: [VelperK](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/348467) joined the lobby. VelperK's first appearance in the osu!catch World Cup dates back to 2013, and he used this experience to absolutely obliterate the entire lobby for the next 30 minutes. He started off with a full combo on [NM1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2184377#fruits/4617105), then proceeded to SS [HR1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2183882#fruits/4615165), before continuing on and full combo-ing the remaining three maps to close out the match 5–2.
```

> - ::{ flag=RU }:: [KitsunIvy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7055384) and ::{ flag=AR }:: [VelperK](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/348467) both managed to full combo all 5 maps they played in this round, both remaining missless for the bracket stage of this CWC. Other players to full combo all maps they played this weekend include ::{ flag=CL }:: [Lechu FAQ 35P](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2872000) (3 maps), ::{ flag=US }:: [Secre](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2306637) (2 maps), ::{ flag=PL }:: [Phob](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6069462), ::{ flag=PL }:: [trig0n](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3704228) and ::{ flag=ID }:: [Chiya--](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7934854) (1 map)

Reviewer 2: "missless" seems a bit weird, what do you think?
```suggestion
- ::{ flag=RU }:: [KitsunIvy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7055384) and ::{ flag=AR }:: [VelperK](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/348467) both managed to full combo all 5 maps they played in this round, both having zero misses on their record for the bracket stage of this CWC. Other players to full combo all maps they played this weekend include ::{ flag=CL }:: [Lechu FAQ 35P](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2872000) (3 maps), ::{ flag=US }:: [Secre](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2306637) (2 maps), ::{ flag=PL }:: [Phob](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6069462), ::{ flag=PL }:: [trig0n](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3704228) and ::{ flag=ID }:: [Chiya--](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7934854) (1 map).
```

- ::{ flag=US }:: [Lexii](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7226149) managed to top the performance leaderboard on both the qualifiers and the round of 32.

> - We saw a couple of triple FCs over the weekend, such as Chile on HD1 and Netherlands on HR1, however team Argentina was the sole team to note a triple SS this weekend, achieving this incredible feat on [NM2](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2184034#fruits/4615516).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- We saw a couple of triple FCs over the weekend, such as Chile on [HD1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2184059#fruits/4615567) and Netherlands on [HR1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2183882#fruits/4615165), however team Argentina was the sole team to achieve a triple SS this weekend, achieving this incredible feat on [NM2](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2184034#fruits/4615516).
```

---

> Thank you very much for tuning into this week's osu!catch World Cup recap. As always, if you are curious about the full tournament details, the [official wiki page](/wiki/Tournaments/TWC/2024) has you covered, and you can catch (pun intended) the streams live over on the [osulive](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive) Twitch channel!

Reviewer 2: more subtle i think
```suggestion
Thank you very much for tuning into this week's osu!catch World Cup recap. As always, if you are curious about the full tournament details, the [official wiki page](/wiki/Tournaments/TWC/2024) has you covered, and you can *catch* the streams live over on the [osulive](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive) Twitch channel!
```

> Thank you very much for tuning into this week's osu!catch World Cup recap. As always, if you are curious about the full tournament details, the [official wiki page](/wiki/Tournaments/TWC/2024) has you covered, and you can *catch* the streams live over on the [osulive](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive) Twitch channel!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you very much for tuning into this week's osu!catch World Cup recap. As always, if you are curious about the full tournament details, the [wiki page](/wiki/Tournaments/TWC/2024) has you covered, and you can *catch* the streams live over on the [osulive Twitch channel](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive)!
```
